Jcurnow Development
 
South Australia, Australia
+61450660313
It is Jcurnow Development's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our application. This Privacy Policy applies to Rooftop Runner(hereinafter, "us", "we", or "https://github.com/JJordanCCurnow/PrivacyPolicy"). We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Application. We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on our Application, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Application and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms and conditions posted on our Application, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Application. Depending on your activities when visiting our Application, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.


- Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Jcurnow Development's applications choose to interact with Jcurnow Development in ways that require Jcurnow Development to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Jcurnow Development gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at Rooftop Runnerto provide a username and email address.

- Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

- Advertisements
Ads appearing on our application may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Jcurnow Development and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.


- Links To External Sites
Our Service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.

- Rooftop Runner uses Google AdWords for remarketing
Rooftop Runner uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party applications (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven't completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone's past visits. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.


- Aggregated Statistics
Jcurnow Development may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its application. Jcurnow Development may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Jcurnow Development does not disclose your personally-identifying information.

Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Jcurnow Development may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Jcurnow Development's sole discretion. Jcurnow Development encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

